let's prepare aubergines stuffed with
minced meat for this we will need 2
large aubergines a chopped carrot
a chopped onion 400 grams of meat
chopped to taste 200 milliliters of tomato
fried and 200 milliliters of cream for
Cook
we start cutting the tip to the
Eggplants and splitting them in half
with a small knife we ​​will cut through
the edges
and we will lower the eggplant horizontally
you have to be careful not to break the
skin
we lower it cross
and sprinkle it with salt
and we take a splash of oil
We do the same with all
eggplant and put them on a plate
of oven or yanga
we have to put 200 in the oven
degrees around half an hour
meanwhile in a frying pan we throw a
trickle of oil and press the onion
we also add the carrot since
it's done more or less at the same time
we put a little salt
and sauté over medium heat
we have to keep on watching
our aubergines that when they are
ready we will take out of the oven
Be careful not to get burned
all the meat to our eggplants
you have to be careful not to split them
skin
we will reserve the meat of 2 half of
eggplant
and we will accommodate them again in our
furnace rim
we pricked the meat that we have removed
and we reheat our sauce
to add the eggplant meat
also add minced meat
which can be beef or pork
mixed what we like
we season a little
and the fry them well for the filling
when you have lost the pink color and
white and add the fried tomato
we move well
and then we will also add the cream
to us in the preparations with cream
we always like to take a little
nutmeg although we have not said
at the beginning the ingredients
as soon as I have expressed a bit the
we will remove from the fire
we did not get the aubergines placed in
the tire as much as we can
the more stuffed the richer they install
although probably not over a little
that we can use as stuffing of what
we want
or even to make buns or pizzas
when we have them well filled
sprinkle the generous Parmesan
and we take them to gratin in the oven until
cristian doraditas
once the cheese has melted and browned
will be ready to serve
they look great